fixes of i18n on vtex-io-documentation-building-a-carousel-using-slider-layout.md (#411)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Storefront-Guides/concepts-1/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-carousel-using-slider-layout.md

> ## Introduction
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Some block types in VTEX IO Store Framework **carry and provide data to their child blocks** instead of rendering store components, such as `shelf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some block types in Store Framework carry and provide data to their child blocks instead of rendering storefront components.
```

These blocks are instances of a `list-context` interface called `lists`. They are exported by the `vtex.list-context` app.

> Since **a carousel is a slider with images displayed in it**, you can create one for your store using one of the available `list-context` instances together with a `slider-layout`, a generic layout block that allows you to create a Slider component from a set of other blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A carousel is essentially a slider that showcases a collection of images. Hence, to create a carousel for your store, you can use one of the available `list-context` instances together with a `slider-layout`, a versatile layout block that allows you to create a Slider component from a set of other blocks.
```

> In the instructions below, you can see how easy it is!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the instructions below for more information.
```

> ## Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step by step
```

  },
```

> > ⚠️ Note that **list blocks do not render anything in your store**, they simply hold content that can be edited using Site Editor and pass it down to their child blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Note that list blocks do not render anything in your store. Instead, they hold content that can be edited using Site Editor and pass it down to their child blocks.
```

  }
```

> And there you go! Now you have a fully functioning carousel for your store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have a fully functioning carousel for your store.
```

> ![gif-caroulsel-slider-layout](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-carousel-using-slider-layout-0.gif) *When inspecting the page, you will notice that the `carousel` block was not used to build the component.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![gif-caroulsel-slider-layout](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-carousel-using-slider-layout-0.gif) 

*When inspecting the page, you will notice that the `carousel` block was not used to build the component.*
```
